Add system design segment (#13)
insurello/recruiting: Elm-code-test.md

- https://package.elm-lang.org
- https://guide.elm-lang.org/

### The App

> In this little webapp you can rate ...it! ...with horses! But what is 'it'?. It is what ever the user want to rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this little webapp you can rate ...it! ...with horses! But what is 'it'?. It is whatever the user wants to rate.
```

Either it should be "want**s**" or "user**s**"

- Initially, before any rating has been provided 6 unfilled horses (♘) should be shown.
- We also need a new "Reset" button that resets the rating input.
- Would also be nice to have a text field where the user can add a comment to complement the rating
- Despite having a lot of users only a few of them are Rating it. We suspect it has to do with the UX of the app. If you have any ideas how to make it more attractive to rate it in the app please bring them to the meeting or try implementing them.

#### Ship it

When you are done with the new requirements hit save in the ellie-app code editor and copy the new URL to the app and email it as a response to the mail where you got the test from. Feel free to leave some comments about the experience and result with the URL.

Good luck!

## 2. System Design

The Elm app is just the start of a proof of concept. For this system to become a reality the company needs your help to design the backend system to make this app into a real product.

### Requirements on the system

* A users should be able to login and see their previous ratings.
  - We don't want to handle the users' passwords.
* A users should be able to create several ratings.

> * A users should be able to edit their ratings, but not other user's ratings.

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention once again in this section that they shouldn't implement any of this

Author: Good idea. :)
